CS 5630 - Project Peer Feedback
Our team: Dylan Hansen, Ervin Chhour, Khris Thammavong
Other Team: Brendan Le, James Scholz, and Gabriel Jarrard

After analyzing the feedback given by James and Brendan (Gabriel was not here), 
our team talked together and realized that some of our visualizations should be 
thought out more. For example, our visualization for a bar graph that would turn 
into a scatter plot after clicking a bar was confusing to them and we would have 
to better explain it or design it if we want to use that in our final visuals. 
Based on Brendan’s feedback, we decided that it would be a good idea to have one 
nteractive area for all our graphs. They also brought to our attention that there 
might be limitations on downloading our dataset, so we had to make sure that we 
would be able to download a large amount of data from our sources. Overall, one 
of the most important things that we’re going to address after their feedback is 
how our visualizations will be created along with the layout of our visuals and 
to make sure that it is easy to understand at a glance. We think we will be able 
to do this by having one interactive area at the top of our page that will control 
all the graphs, followed by the graphs themselves below it. 

We thought that the quality of the feedback that we received from the other team was 
very good. Their comments on our proposal were fair and nothing was harsh for the 
sake of being harsh. We found their comments to be helpful for rethinking our visuals 
and layout along with how we should think about collecting and using our data.

Notes on Comments:
Possible API rate limitation - Brendan
Dynamically or Download dataset - Brendan
How to deal with updates to dataset - Brendan
Data structure for dataset - James
Relative density between different seasons - James
Scope of the project, start with shows, maybe move on to movies etc - James
Search function for genres maybe, different categories to separate genres.  - Brendan
One interactive area for all the graphs - Brendan
Project plan needs to be talked about more, overall structure, timeline, work split up - James
Bar charts design layout needs to be thought out. Use color or not. - James
Animation for sorting can help track what you’re looking at - Brendan

